Now what we've learned up until now at the end of the day all it did was create that function that our
machine can use and predict any future input.
And there's many applications of this right.
We now have a function that as a programmer or a developer you can use throughout your code bases maybe
on a Web site maybe on a robot to try and receive inputs and predict something whether that image is
an image of a snake maybe a user sends a image that is not safe for work.
Well maybe that predict model can predict and see if it should be uploaded or it shouldn't.
But there's a problem here.
You see right now we don't have that much data because we've only used a data set that has one hundred
and fifty gross but in real life to train a really complicated model you have millions and millions
of rows and this function of fitting and running the can dot fit takes a really really really long time
and most of the time you're running these types of operations on something like a GP view or a graphical
processing unit and sometimes in the cloud because you wouldn't be able to do it on a regular computer.
Now this part is very very time consuming so you wouldn't want to every user that submits an image of
a snake to actually run this function we call this model persistence and model persistence is important
because next time we want to make a prediction we want to save this model.
This function to a file and use that file for predictions.
When you're on your iPhone and you're using let's say a machine learning feature it's not going to run
and train the model right there.
Ideally that models are already there on your phone and this idea of model persistence is important.
So let me show you how to do that once again.
So I could learn to the rescue with cycled learn I can say from so I could learn import job lip and
now I can save my model using the job lab module by simply doing job lib dot dump and dump the model
somewhere so we're going to dump the K and then which is our model.
So we're going to dump K and then and we can call it whatever you want let's say M.L. brain dot job
lib.
That's the extension that we're going to have to use since we're using the job lib module and this stores
the trained model in a file called a binary file.
So if I run this
oh and I get an error and that is because we have to do psychic learn dot externals.
So this is just a way for us to import the job lab module.
So if I run this again.
There we go.
If I now go to my Jupiter notebook you can see that I have a job lab file.
So now in the future instead of me retraining the model I can just simply do a job or model since we
assign it to a variable and say model equals job lab.
Actually we don't even need the equals sign here and we can just dump this.
So let's just run that and we can just assign and now to the model whenever we need it say model equals
job lib dot load and load the name of the job lib that we want which is the small brain.
So now if I do model dot predict on the let's say the X test data and I click Run look at that I get
my predictions and if I now copy the code which was the sample that over here so I'll just cut that
out and paste it in here.
If I click Run there we go our model or and instead of predict we'll just do model dot predict if I
click Run.
Look at that.
This still works so I was able to save my model so that I don't have to keep training it because that
requires a lot of power so that my user whenever a user wants to use my model they just simply use the
job lab load to load it up and then use the predict method and this is how models work in real life.
And anytime we make an improvement to the model we simply just dump it again maybe to a user's phone
so that they can use it.
But this way only the business owners that have a lot of compute power can train the models as they
get more and more complex.